Let's see a little.  These are
old clicks, I had it marked here, but I do
n't think we'll see it.  Let's see
a little about Friday.  The problem
I have with Friday is that these
people are really annoying about the
copyright issue.  Let's try to get him to
jump on us, shall we?  Let's put
a little filter here, shall we?  And I'm going to put
another little filter here too.  Let's see if it
jumps out at us, okay?  to at least hear
what happened, because of
course, after
Gloria Camila's interview, it turns out that we now
have Aldón, who, as you know, they have been
gradually reincorporating, and we
have Kiko Jiménez.
Gloria Camila's interview
on this program last Friday has reopened old
wounds.  It seems so repetitive to me to
talk about things that are always the
same, I mean, going back to talking about
old topics again. What?  How long have
Gloria, Camila and Kiko been together?
where we are from and who we are.  She is the
wife of or ex-wife of
Ana María
Don, the same as Kiko, the same as
Antonio David,
right?  What happens is that it is true
that Ana María el Dog has been a
little more respectful, right?  Of course, we don't
grant it to him, do we
?  We agree on that or we don't.
We do take into account that she is
my brother's mother and therefore
deserves respect.  Well, well, well,
well, well.  Wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait.  It just
occurred to me that Anar
Don hinted at things about Ortegacano, he
also hinted at things,
huh?  Do you remember
that?  And I think she hasn't
had it at the same level.
I throw myself fully into that relationship and
live it with a lot of love.  Javi is finished
, the sliding compared
to Bretón was the best.  No, but it wasn't
the best.  There were worse things 100%.
July 3rd, a Wednesday.  The next day I
was already with Sofia.  It affected me
too much.  I think I fell in love with a
person who had sheep's skin and in the
end I was confused, I made a mistake.   These
are things by Kiko Jiménez and Ana María
Aldón will respond to Gloria
Camila.  So they went on the
show and they
even gave Kiko his ID, right?  They
even gave Kiko
Jiménez his license.  As you can see, I was
working on Sálvame, on a program that
was on every day during the week and that
the entire public knows about.  Thanks for 5 hours
a day.
The whole public knows it.  Thank you.  They
call his attention when they mention the
Sálvame program, eh, still.  Hey, sometimes
the whole audience knows.  Thank you.  It's
very shocking that he then wants to accuse me of
having caused this, which makes
no sense when this is about
Gloria Camila blaming him—we
talked about this years ago, didn't we?—about
anorexia nervosa.  Okay?  And pay attention to
what Kiko Jiménez says.  It's really shocking that he
then wants to accuse me of having
caused this, which makes no
sense when I hurt him, just to
piss me off.  How come you're back,
man, you've got some balls that I can't
imagine, eh, after 3 years of alluding to me
with lies, that's why I'm shocked,
man, you've got some tremendous balls, right?
And well, today Kiko, both Kiko and
Sofía, were on the
party program, also commenting a little about
yesterday's interview.  Yes, I'll say it again and
again.  Let's listen to see what
they said, shall we?  Kiko Jiménez
repeats at a party that Gloria Camila
was banned from half sets and Emma
tells him, "Let's see if they're going to ban
you now. Banned and I've been
participating in Soy la única person for 3 years. I
'm going to tell you something. Let's see if they're
going to ban you so much.
That you don't keep quiet about sharing your
secrets. I
have to believe that I wasn't afraid. I do it
again and there are times when the
characters aren't. Look, man, that's how it
was, the truth. You can't deny it,
everyone who is interested knows it. He
says, "I'm going to give an interview and the
only thing I hope at least is that they
listen to me.  Not just ask, just
listen." In fact, they insisted
quite a bit and I finally said, "Okay,
fine, I'll agree.  I'm going to give an
interview and the only thing I hope at
least is that they listen, not just
ask, but listen." What does
Indian want?
Come in, uh, Golia's psychiatrist Camila
Ortega. Hey, I see you guys very, I don't know, like very
hostile, right? Something's wrong because
this question was very, without this
question that I just asked you, your
hostility is that the problem you have
when it comes to receiving the questions that
José Antonio is a friend of Gloria Camila. I do
n't know, it's that I see you guys as very,
the only thing I'm telling you is that
during these 4 years in which years 4
years in what we've seen in the video
of 4 years since you broke up until
today. I'm going to ask you something
that precisely let me finish the
question. You're not here to
answer Antonio's question.
I'm in a good mood. I'm in a good mood
and the only thing I want to know is if you're
worried about this complaint that he filed against you.
You didn't want to. But let's see, Kiko, a
question that I ask myself because it's  I don't think
Gloria Camila has ever filed a
complaint or
lawsuit against Kiko
Jiménez, because if it is a
complaint, it is a complaint for
gender violence, because even if it is a
revelation of a secret, right?  Well, if it's
because of the audio recordings, since they're ex-partners, is
that considered gender-based violence or
is it a lawsuit over
privacy?  They have
clarified that.  It's a lawsuit.  No, you file a
claim here.  No, no, it's not a complaint.  Hey,
Gloria Camila is suing Kiko Jiménez for
psychological abuse.  He wants to finish me off.  He is a
bad person.  Calls now
introspective and
harassment.  I mean, you're
telling me, you're
telling me that they defended Kiko Jiménez
when Antonio Aví was fired.
It just doesn't make any sense, man.  They are
very similar cases,
right?  They are very similar cases,
right?  Don't [ __ ] with me.  They are very
similar cases.  It's a person who breaks up with
the famous person and makes his life on the sets by
criticizing the famous person he's
broken up with or the people around him he
's broken up with.  It is gender violence.
Well, from what I've seen so
far, what I know, what I
can prove, for me,
gender violence cannot be a requirement for some
things.  Well, Antonio Avil was
also sued many times and he didn't lose any of them to
Kiko.  We'll see,
but Gloria Camila
attacked Alba Carrillo on Supervivientes.  When I was little, Rosa and I got into a
fight with a
group of kids at the fair.  Oh, [ __ ], and we
threw a glass.  It has nothing to
do with speed.  What is
being reported here is that Gloria Camila
is reporting Kiko for what Kiko
has done to her, not for what Gloria
Camila did to another
contestant.  I mean, it doesn't make
sense.  But but this is very strong,
huh?  I mean, it's really annoying,
right?  Touch your
balls.  I'm going to say something else,
okay?
A kiss, Tesa, sweetheart.
Here we have to exercise
empathy on all sides, because of
course, if we think one thing, we think it
with everything.  If Gloria Camila thinks that
about her
ex-partner, how can she not understand her
sister?  No or what?   In other
words, if you think your ex-partner
is
psychologically bullying you, you also have to
think about that when trying to understand your
sister.  Then, whether it's
through legal means or not, you decide whether you want to sit down or not
,
okay?  No, peace, no.  Those are very
strong words.  Peace.  For me, it's
psychological abuse, right?  Let's see, when you
're a media personality who sells your
life and you're the one who actually
brought this character to sit with you
on the set, to talk about your
romances, your affairs, who you
sleep with, who you don't sleep with,
the show goes on, you understand?  That
is, at most, violations of
honor, violations of privacy, and
all that stuff.  But for me, when
we talk about abuse, eh, I tell you the
same thing I told you with the Antonio
Aví case, when we talk about abuse,
we are talking in different
terms.  Hm.  For me, when we
start talking about
psychological abuse by famous people on TV
who make covers and things and throw
[ __ ] at each other, we lose
respect for the word abuse, for
real cases of abuse.  Okay?
She feels very mistreated because she
's fed up.  She feels very
overwhelmed, eh, and she feels fed
up and
mistreated.  Okay, but they're not going to condemn
Kiko, I think.  I think they will not
condemn him.  Okay.  Now then, she
should understand her
sister more,
right?  I say,
right?  If she's going through this
situation and is overwhelmed, she should
understand her sister too, right?
Just that it was told and finally
it was told last week.  I'm not
worried at all and in fact you know
that I'm not going to talk about that subject,
unless for some reason I want to
contribute some information, which I might
contribute, but seeing, well
contribute it, contribute it, we're here to see, I
mean, it's just that there's no way to
take it, that Tel5 then has Kiko
Jiménez, I mean, Kiko Jiménez is
reported.  Kiko Jiménez is
under investigation.  Okay,
perfect.  He is not guilty.  Okay,
perfect.  He is not guilty.  He is charged
right now, he is not convicted.
But Antonio David was kicked out of Tele
C5 without letting him
speak because of the other woman's testimony, that
is, he wasn't even charged, having already been
acquitted.  Man, this is a [ __ ]
hypocrisy, but come on, it's [ __ ] awesome,
right?  This deserves a main channel video
, huh?
This deserves a video from the main channel
because there are so many analogies here that are not being
respected, but I don't see it as logical
on either side because the
people who supported Rocío Carrasco
are suddenly against Gloria Camila
on this issue, but nevertheless the
opposite is the case.
On the contrary, it's the
same because if Gloria Camila
and Gloria Camila were in
favor of Antonio David in the Antonio David and his sister issue
, how the hell are
you now complaining about what's
happening to
you?  If they are fewer years.   Of
course, but
Gloria doesn't have the same impact as Roso Carrasco.
Javi, for Gloria they're not going to veto this one.
No, it's not because of Gloria, it's not that they're
not going to veto him because of Gloria, it's because
where they did wrong was with Antonio
David.  That's where
Tele 5, the people from the TV factory, went wrong.  I
mean, there's no way to get
it.  So, where is Carlota
Corredera?  Where is Ana Bernard
Treviño?  Where is everyone?  No,
against Ara de Kiko, we are not here.
The hostility is that what cannot be
done is that when someone doesn't like the
question, the problem is
ours.  We can't really see the problem
.
You come here, you don't come here.
You are, we are delighted that you are
here and you come here so that we can
listen to you if we ask you and you and you
say whatever you want.
No, I tell him what you want, what I
want.  No, no, no.  But if I'm
asked what time it is,
I ask about
Antonio David, who has been talking for 25 years
and Kiko Jiménez for 7,
or for me they are very
similar cases.  Let's see, what difference do you
see in the Indian case?
is to answer what is asked of you.
José Antonio politely
asked you about something that's on
Javi's mind. What you're saying is consistent with the
Gloria issue, but it's also
inconsistent that Roseo Carrasco is friends
with Kiko Jiménez and goes to barbecues
with him.  Exactly.  But I said it,
Indio, you didn't hear what I said
a few minutes ago.  It is as it is.
It is just like that for both sides.   They do
not criticize what is done.  They have a
war of
factions.  If Rocío Carrasco thinks that what
Antonio David did to her is an
outrage, a psychological assault, I don't
know, I don't know
how much, Rocío Carrasco should be
on her
sister's side.  Even though her sister
wasn't part of it, she would say, "Hey,
sister, sister, sister, now, now
you understand me, right?"  Well, come on,
let's get
together.  No, he's not going to a barbecue with
Kiko Jiménez.  Of course, it doesn't make
sense, [ __ ], I'm also
watching football.  No, no, yes, yes, but I
've said it, I've said it before.
It's everyone who's supporting
Kiko on Tele5 now, okay?  I'm seeing
that on Friday I didn't have much
support, to be honest, right?  On Friday,
no one is defending Kiko, right?
Who are the collaborators who are
defending Kiko at parties and so on?
How strong, huh?  Table for a long
time.  What is that complaint, right?  It's been a
long time, hasn't it?  You saw a complaint
filed against me while I was
competing on Survivor just a
year ago.  Well, one year.  Well no, that wasn't from
yesterday.  Well, that's why a complaint
is stalled, that isn't even
moving forward, which is something that if
something had happened, if it was something serious, it
would move forward.  That is stopped and does not move forward.
But how come it's stopped and not moving forward,
Kiko?  Let's see, the complaints
are not stopped and there is no progress.
Justice is very slow, but it does
n't make sense to be stopped and not moving forward
.  I have to make a video, eh,
Estela, with all those clips, eh, I have to
make a video, eh, of the good ones
from the main channel,
eh, because it's
amazing, it's
amazing, it doesn't have, there's no way to
grab it.  I mean, I see very
similar cases, except for the fact that in the
other case, it's older and there are children
involved. Justice is very slow, but it wo
n't stop.  That is, if the complaint was
filed last year and there is no
order of dismissal or opening of
trial, then we understand that
the
preliminary proceedings will have been extended because they will be
investigating and Gloria will be providing
her evidence and her things.  I imagine they
called him to testify and he
gave his version.
It's a complaint that doesn't make
any sense.  If I told you
several of the reasons why he is
filing a complaint, you would fall on your back.  But
she talks about what has been taken,
what has been testified, that we don't
know the reasons, but you
asked her and she didn't want to
talk about it.  What she said, I do
n't want to go into too much detail
on this topic either because it's a very
sensitive issue.
I imagine that when he's not
talking here it's because what Gloria is
denouncing is because she's
blaming him for
problems, I understand, I imagine, related to
her health.   That's why
Quico doesn't want to say anything
either, much less to treat him like that
in what he said to me, he made me feel bad, eh, while
I was on Survivor.  It's something that I do
n't understand because if
so many years have passed, I don't understand why
he does it just when I'm in
survivor.  He argued it if you saw the
interview.  He argued that she said that it
was the professionals who
treated her who No, no, he didn't
put her with the lawyer Antonio David.  Yes,
that's not Ivan's fault.
This is the last
straw.  It's the last
straw.  Hey, but this is this is the
last straw.  But come on, what's
next?  I wonder if a peseta were given to
every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?   They
are all delighted to have
met someone through the hand of the people,
that's Manuemi.  That is, he takes him with
the lawyer Antonio David, who has
defended Antonio David from his case.  This
is to die for,
huh?  This is to die for,
huh?  So that it doesn't have anything to
do with it.
Let me ask you the
question.  She does not argue here.  She
argues here.  Let me ask
you the question, please.  She
argues here.  So I do
n't care which lawyer I choose.  I don't care,
well.  Not you.  Yes, to me.
Let's see.  It is significant.
Antonio.  We're not going to deny that it's
curious.
No, yes.  I don't care.
Personally, I don't care.  She
argues here that it is the professionals
who treat her who tell her, "Everything you
are telling us is called
something and you have to put it in the hands of
justice because, eh, this episode you are
telling us about is one thing, this episode you are
telling us about is another, even the thing about the
anorexia that you said we didn't know about
is another."
and
all this together is called one
you must put it in the hands of your lawyer.  That
's what she says.  Okay.  Well, that's what
she tells.  What I'm
telling you is that she went to the lawyer Antonio
David, out of revenge on Antonio David,
because of his outstanding accounts
that he has and she says, "How can
this guy screw you over trying to get rid of you
because he's doing well? He's happy with his
partner, he works in television. Look,
with all due respect, eh, I say this with
all due respect and that I support Gloria
Camila in her fight and put up with Kiko and
all that nonsense, okay?
But I have no doubt
that this has happened eh at her house having
a coffee. Antonio David, Gloria Camila and
Rocío Flores. One afternoon Gloria Camila eh
fed up with Kiko Jiménez. Uh they
come across a story about Kiko
Jiménez at the Bernabéu with Rocío
Carrasco and Antonio David says,
"Listen to me, this guy who has been doing to you
all these years talking bad
about you, I don't know what, I don't know how much and he's
made you nervous.  And you're
sick and you don't know what and you don't know
how much.  Well, let's do something for him.
What they support.  They didn't say that
all this was abuse.  Well, come on, I
'll take you
to Ivan.  I wonder if each Spaniard would give one peseta
.  This is how this complaint was fabricated
.
And the gusiluz, Kiko's lawyer.  Face,
rolling with laughter.  Face
twisting with laughter, face.
Rolling with laughter.  Face
twisting with laughter.  Carolose of
laughter.  Face crying with laughter.  Who is
the lawyer representing Kiko
Jiménez?  I don't believe that, Javi.  If she was
in treatment, she would have done so when she was
ready.  Hey, look, really, do
n't mess with me,
okay?  Don't
fool me.  This has been
forged, huh?  This was forged in
a conversation with Antonio David, but
the judge has given the green light to the
trial, no matter how much Antonio says, no, no
, no, Indian, no, no, no, no, no Indian,
this is in the same process.  No, no,
no, don't tease me, don't bother me
.  This is in the same process
as Antonio David's.
Antonio David's.  First, when Rocío
Carrasco filed the complaint, they didn't
admit it for processing, and then Rocío
Carrasco filed an appeal and they
admitted it for processing, and then there were a
series of proceedings in which Antonio
David had to testify about I don't know what and I don't
know how much until they finally
filed it.  It's exactly the same,
okay?  It's exactly the same.
Same, same.  Well, not the same,
because this one is more
recent.  This one will surely be
archived.
I don't see that they're not going to condemn him or
bring him to trial.  You, you can't.   It is
very difficult to provoke, that is, it is very
difficult and it is very difficult to prove
psychological abuse.  It is very very
difficult.  I mean, Gloria
Camila has to be able to prove that she has a
great life, that she doesn't have any
conflicts with anyone, and suddenly
this guy is the one who's ruining her
life.
Telephone harassment.  Javi, you've
earned that.  Come on, come on, for God's sake,
really, we're, really, it makes me
angry when we've been defending
one thing for years and
now because the characters are different, we
defend the opposite.
I really don't like those things.  When you
get into that mood, I can't
stand it.  When you get into that mood, I can't
stand it.
You really don't like Kiko.  Perfect,
[ __ ] great.  You really dislike Kiko, but
we really like Gloria Camila.
Perfect, [ __ ] great.
But Jiménez is not going to be
condemned here.  They could file a civil suit against you
for publishing some
audio recordings.  It's the best, as far as I
can see.  No, no, no.  Come on, eh,
but come on, but come on, it's just that But
come on, but come on, for God's sake, what are
we talking about at this point, man?
So, Gloria Camila has, has
had this lawyer all her life
, what was this lawyer's name?
that Marina interviewed him a lot.  What is the
name of the lawyer you've had your whole
life?  Ortega Cano and Gloria Camila,
who was another lawyer, I don't remember
his name, but he talked about
sexual intimacies.  Javi, that's a crime.  That's not a
crime, Maria.  This could be a
violation of honor and
civil privacy.  That's not a crime, damn it,
really.  I mean, double Medi bars,
man.  Completely.  Let's see if we've
been defending Antonio David, who
has been doing the same thing for more years than
Kiko Jiménez,
man.  Treboyle.  I mean, if what happened with Antonio
David wasn't true, we've been
defending, no, the seven judges, no, I do
n't know what, I don't know how much, that he's not
convicted, what the hell are you telling me
now?  Otherwise, this is the same.  And
knowing Antonio David,
Gloria Camila was having coffee at
Antonio David's house with Antonio David and
Rocío Flores or there in Madrid in
a cafe and they said, "You know
what, we're going to file a complaint, let's
see if
Telcha can get it now."  Man, for God's sake, man,
really, are we in kindergarten here, are we
in school here or what?
But for Ricky Eddy yes, Tuti, Ricky
Eddy publicly admits that he takes his
girlfriend's phone while she's
sleeping, okay?  And he records a
lot of conversations,
he admits.  What this girl is
reporting is anorexia caused
by him.  You can't prove that.
Seriously, don't jerk off
mentally.  I wonder if a peseta were given to
every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  What cries out to heaven is the
real domestic violence experienced by
women, children, men, and the elderly, and not
this circus, if it isn't real.  All for
television.  Dude, really.  A kiss,
Urre.
This is a circus that
everyone participates in, okay?  Gloria Camila didn't
like giving interviews about her
private life, neither did Olga Moreno, nor did El de la
Moto, and they're all returning to
Tele5.  Because?  because there is no other
income elsewhere.  So, if you
're a person who sits down for
€20,000 to talk about who you
slept with on the cover of a book,
your ex-partner is going to come and talk about how you
slept together.  What can't
be true is that you like people talking about
your relationships when you're
getting paid, and when the other person is getting paid, you do
n't like it.  No, man, you're not
going to get me off that donkey, okay?
I'm telling you, but come on, come on, I'm getting
indignant.  So, so I tell you
clearly.  You should not take
psychological violence lightly.  For God's sake.
For God's sake, we have been
defending the opposite for 4 years.  For God's sake.
What are you telling me?  A
psychological violence.  Well, nothing, everything we
say badly about other creators and
other YouTubers and I don't know what, well, it
's all psychological violence, because
we get on each
other's nerves, well, nothing, everyone is
abusive, man.  Really, what
do we do?
We sat Gloria Camila down and we
dressed her like this woman,
like they did with Rocío
Carrasco, who had her hair done one day
and dressed her like this
woman who suffered abuse.  Man,
no, for God's sake, man,
really, these are things that are not,
man.  These are things that no,
man.  It's not
abuse.  You can do it, do this,
for now you will achieve something and in fact you
have achieved something that will allow all of them
to be processed,
many of them.  The thing is that
The thing is that if they bring the
medical reports and they are the
doctors themselves and the specialists themselves, what I
can do is look, I can't get in.
Yeah, man, of course.  And Rosio Carrasco
brought a medical report saying that he
was attempting suicide
because of Antonio David.  Man, dude,
really, look, I can't do this stuff
, huh?  I can't handle these things
.  What do you mean, a doctor
said that?  Well, there were also doctors
who said that Roso Carrasco was to
blame for Antonio David.  Holy [ __ ], man,
really.
No, no, no, man, no, no, man, no
.  I wonder if a fish would give every
Spaniard, but not me, where they should
give.  One of the most difficult things
to prove is cause and effect.  You can't,
but even less so when you have more
family conflicts, more controversies in your life, you
can't prove it under any
circumstances, even if it were true, okay?  You wouldn't
be able to prove that you have an
illness or a disorder
because of what
your ex-partner is saying about you.  I mean, you can't
prove that, you know what I mean?  You may
have, of course, a situation, of course, but
you are dedicated to
this.  It's what you do for a living, man.
If you're a person who's dedicated to
your clothing brand and you're a person
who's dedicated to your business and you have a
clothing brand and I don't know what and you don't get involved
in these things, but if you're a
person who sits on Fridays.
But not where they have to give.
Seriously, man.  Another documentary about
Gloria Camila's time is still on.  So what
do we do?  Well now we support Gloria
Camila because she's on the side we
like.  Man, no, dude, no,
man, no.  That's not how
things are.  That's not how it is, man.
Seriously, that's not how things are, damn it.  This
is not abuse.  We can't call
anything,
any incident between
couples, abuse here.   I
mean, of course, here, since the one we don't like
is Kiko, who is on the
other side, now here, Kiko, well
no, Kiko is an abuser who has been
talking about Gloria Camila for four years.  What the
hell do you have to say
that to, huh?  Man, what the hell do you have
to say that, man, dude?
Seriously, these are things that, man, we've
been defending the opposite, damn it.  4
years to go into more detail about that because I say what he
argued.  I'm not saying that Kiko is
right about the things Gloria
Camila says.  I'm not saying he's right about
the things he says, Gloria
Camila, and the beating he does to her.
No, you are not right.  Just as Antonio
David is wrong about many of the things he
says about Rosío Carrasco.  So, Antonio
David goes and sees Rocío Carrasco on
Spanish Television and on a
cake show and he's doing a live broadcast on her.
But we can't call that abuse,
family.
Man, if we do
that, it's all abuse.  It's all abuse.
Everything we do here, right?  Damn, we
really do say things to each other as
YouTubers and creators.  We insult each other
all day long,
we call each other names, we say all kinds of things.
Well no, there may be a
violation of honor, well there may be,
well okay, but what we cannot do
is the wide and the funnel.  If it's Antonio
David, no, but if it's Kiko Jiménez, he's an
abuser.  Man, man, you're really getting on my
nerves.   He
will argue, but I cannot go into
more detail on that.  The date you
told us about, if there's any of those
arguments, we have them in the
interview you gave earlier on the
program.  You refer to Very well, Smurfette.
Look, Smurfette is telling me.  Rocío
Carrasco cannot prove that she
attempted suicide and suffered
mental disorders because of Antonio
David.  Because?  Well, because he doesn't
have them because of that, he has them because of the
life he leads.  Hey, his
mother died, he's fighting with half the
family, he's having problems with his
kids, and he's got a lot of things going on.  It
cannot be proven, even if it were true, it
could not be proven.  Gloria Camila has had
anorexia and has had a lot of
pressures too.  Surely it cannot be
proven that it is because of
Kiko Jiménez.  I mean, Gloria Camila has
a lot of problems.  He also has a brother
who has his issues, he
has some problems with his father, his
father's wife on television telling the
truth about his father.  Man, for God's sake, dude,
really.  And now he goes to a
survivor, he goes to a It's already 8 o'clock, he goes
to a Friday, he sits in reading.
Man, for God's sake, dude, really.   I
mean, I can't
believe you're in the chat
defending yourself.  The opposite depends on the
character.  Two or three situations
that she argues in that complaint.
more appropriate for an interview, a
television program than a
court, honestly, because who
sues someone because they are happy with
their partner today.  But that's why he
complains, that
's why I don't listen, have you seen the
complaint?  I haven't seen her.  So
why do you say that's why you don't
report it if you haven't seen it?
I'm saying it.  A complaint
cannot be made publicly.  I'm suing you because he's
happy with his wife.  It must be for something else.
Well, because you were unfaithful to me.  I don't know
since when.  To me, what Kiko is doing
is looking like a civil lawsuit for having
published the audio recordings.  That's what it
looks like to me.  A civil suit that I think was
filed as well, you know?  Regarding
the audios.  But come on, come on, come on
, I'm going to tell you
something else that we haven't mentioned.  Come on, I'm
going to tell you something else that we haven't
mentioned.  That Gloria Camila is
sitting on a set getting paid and is
mentioning the Kiko Jiménez issue.
That's when it gets to
court, when it gets to court is
when they're going to hit him, that is, if he
hasn't already been dismissed, that's when they're going to
hit him definitively.  I mean, it's not
going to pass, it's not going to
pass any
judge's judgment that you're reporting
psychological abuse and you sit down on
Friday to talk about your
abuser.  No way, kid.   not
even a [ __ ].  And surely when he's
doing it, it's because he knows the demand
has no potential.  If every Spaniard were to give a peso
, but not to me, where should they
give it?  Javi, a judge will have to decide
.  So here we have a presumption
of guilt, right, Caramela, we don't
have a presumption of innocence.  Kiko
Jiménez is guilty until proven
otherwise.  Okay, perfect.  [ __ ]
awesome.
I think Gloria will win, you're
saying.  Oh my God, really,
how awful, how awful,
really.  What a shame, what a
shame, huh?  What an outrage I'm
seeing today.  I'm leaving, I'm getting
a real hot flash here.  Come on, I didn't know
this topic was like this, huh?  Any act of
infidelity is a
crime.  Unfaithful because she
was also unfaithful to me, something that she forgot to
ask her
the same questions as Antonio David with the
other one.  It's not that he cheated on me, it's not that he
flirted with I don't know who, that's not a
crime, really,
man.  Come on, I'll tell you how
this complaint was fabricated
.  Come on, we're here fools
right now
.  This, this was fabricated by
saying the same thing they did to
me.  But for God's sake, really, it is
an argument like that.  You're going to say,
why didn't you ask him in that
tone?  Hey, why don't you count?  Because
she
can't get into it either because it's
a sensitive topic
that causes a lot of pain.   There
is no criminal offense in what
Kiko Jiménez has done and I dislike Kiko
Jiménez more than Gloria Camila.  There is
no criminal offense.  Regarding the
audio recordings, Kiko Jiménez does not have them
illegally.  There is no revelation of
secret.  In any case, what we have here is a
violation of privacy, okay?  Because of
the content of the audios.
There is no crime of harassment, okay?  If you
have a stalker, you're not
doing
interviews with him.  And we've talked about that here
too, haven't we?  Many times, right?  Damn,
how are you going to call someone a
stalker when you're dedicating your
life to them?
Please, there is no crime,
and we will also take
legal action when the time is right
for false accusations.
Nor
if it may be that I don't have any I
know it José Antonio.  I
see every Spaniard,
but not me, where they have to go.   I
agree with you about how demand is forged
.
No, you see that's what I think.   I
have no proof of this, no doubt either, do you
understand?  I mean, I can't
prove this.  I don't know, I don't know, but I
think this was, well, I
think this was their idea
at a meeting.  They have said, well you know
what, that if they reported me, you
can report Kiko and then he will be or
will be, but in the meantime he is
charged.  Yeah,
man, the king is opening melons.  No, but that's
how it is, Smurfette.  Honestly, it really makes me
angry. It really makes me angry when I see these
situations where we're experiencing the
same thing, but with different characters,
and now it's the other side,
now we're defending the other side
. It kills me.  It kills me.
the world and the reason to return to
television to talk about it.  That's it.
Well, the reason cited in that
complaint is the damage that Margarita has caused me in
all your actions, and you
keep insulting me in
the chat.  Would you like to call and
explain to us why?  Because?
Why am I being such a big mouth, what
information am I missing?  Because
we're here watching all the videos of
what everyone has said
.  That?  What information am I
missing?  You don't know it either.  Okay.
I wonder if a peseta were given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?
Any circumstance in your life,
past or present, can destabilize you
psychologically.  It is difficult to prove one
in particular.  It is very complicated to
prove
that.  It's very complicated to prove that,
okay?  Even if it were true, it would be
very difficult
to prove.  It is very difficult to prove
that.  What happened in Marbella?  That's
what Marbella is, Margarita.  That?
That?  I'm leaving, okay?  Leave.  What the hell does
Marbella Margarita have to do with anything
?  That Jiménez and I were stopped while
driving and given a ticket or
arrested because we confronted the
police.  What the hell does that have to do
with And when I was a kid, they
also caught me and
slapped me because I was fighting in the
monastery where they
drink in the streets?  Really.
Javi, if you have witnesses it would also be
difficult to prove.  Of course,
Conchi.  Well, of course, because the
witnesses you're going to bring
are obviously witnesses who are on your
side.  Let's see, if I'm going to go
to trial and I'm going to bring witnesses, I
present those witnesses
because I'm interested in them and the judge will
value that.   I
mean, what what what what are you
telling me? Rocío Carrasco also brought
her witnesses and her things, right?  Rocío
Carrasco brought a report where she
allegedly had attempted
suicide.  I could sue you
too, Gloria Camila, if proven
right, just like Antonio
David is doing now.  Yes, Jibe,
Gloria Camila could sue me for
not agreeing with her, and the father could also sue me for
not liking the tauro maquia
in all its actions.  Margarita says,
"If you sleep in the cell, there must
be a reason. I ca
n't, I can't, I can't. I'm going to have a heart attack
. I can't, I'm going to have
something. Visivas has caused her,
as advised by the
forensic psychiatrist, who is also
in court as a witness,
in addition to other witnesses who
would argue that there have been situations
between you and her that have not been entirely
correct. That's what appears in
the address. Of course. But how do you
know? Because you told it in the
preview, Kiko against already.
the preview that hasn't told in the
preview the things of the complaint.
Uh, Rocío Carrasco had witnesses who
also told a lot of
situations between Antonio David and
her. If we are talking about the
same case, but the other way around, man. But not
to me, where they have to give. We already know
that there are people with fixed ideas, not to
say nonsense, and they don't change for more
arguments. It's like fertilizing in
infertile ground. A  Kiss. ​​A kiss, Laura.
I really insist I haven't been
able to see it, but I'm very surprised that
professionals like my
colleagues haven't listened because they're
the first to be interested.
In the end, it didn't seem like Margarita would
call us because she didn't have enough
time, but anyway, you have
time here.  Yes, I mean
we can watch the videos here.  Do you know
what I was left wanting to
see?  With some images on the scene,
Borne became the one in which both
Orteacano and Gloria Camila said that I
treated him great, that I was the
perfect boyfriend.  I wonder if a peseta were given to
every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  To Lecharon when the complaint was filed against him
.   No
no.   He
continued to be a contributor to
Survivor.   I really wanted to
see that because I
saw Gloria Camila's video yesterday in one of the videos they posted.  I
fell in love with the perfect boyfriend and then he
turned out to be a dud.   Let's
see, not at dinner with Bertino Borne,
where you were, Ana María,
Bertino Borne asks her and they say, "No, no,
daddy, tell Kiko how I am."  Dad says,
"Kiko is wonderful, Kiko, tell me how he
treats me."  But
those close.
The truth is that Gloria Camila, with everything she's been through—
her
parents abandoning her, then her mother's death, her
father's accident—it's normal for the
girl to have psychological problems.
Of course, with everything he's had in his
life, Nine is a kiss.  It is very difficult for
her to prove that
Kiko caused her problems.  I
mean, Gloria Camila, you have to have proof
to get
that that's completely irrefutable.   You
have to understand, you have to understand
that what seems like an ideal boyfriend to you at
one point, in 2025 it no longer
seems like that because of a lot of things that have
happened, and that's why you even have a
lawsuit.  You also have to understand
that your Friday night buddies
also had their information and
could refute you, and you have to understand and
not forget that if you're
interesting, it's because you've
also been Gloria Camila's boyfriend.
Man,
let's see.  Of
course, of course.  Okay.  And I don't
think it's right that Kiko Jiménez is
constantly harping on people,
but not me, where they have to hit.
There are two children by half,
Javi.  Yes, yes, there is, Ale.  There are
differences.  They are not exact,
exact, exact, exact cases.  But it is
similar.  Hey, I don't agree with the
way Kiko attacks Gloria
Camila on television.  all the [ __ ]
time, you know what I mean?  And that he's
still there sucking on Gloria Camila's bottle
.  Okay, perfect, we
agree on that.  But what we cannot
do is call that abuse,
gender violence.
Okay,
no, there's no issue here that has to do
with No, no.  I worked at Sálvame and
as you can understand I didn't go every
day.  I wish I were one of those people
who came every day.
I would go one or two days a week when it was
my turn to work, depending on the topic that
had to be discussed, because they also
have a presumption of innocence, not a
presumption of guilt.
They fed and lived off all of this.  Well,
if I keep quiet and don't speak, and I
could speak properly, then they won't
even fire me from having sex.  Of course, you have to
talk when you're here and there's an
issue.  I mean, you can't be like, because we don't like
the guy.  Okay,
let's see what Sofia says.
When Kiko started talking, all that
noise on the set, which was very
different from the tranquility
with other interviewees, was like
something that woke me up from the sofa.  And yes, I
was aware of those 20 minutes
and we can call it harassment because
harassment is also a crime.  Yes, Eva, I
understand that what you want is to
say that Kiko Jimén is guilty.
That's what you mean, well
, that's it, say whatever you want, but do
n't come to me tomorrow telling me that we
have to respect
Antonio David's seven judges.  Okay?  Do you
mean to say that this man is
guilty?  Well, perfect, [ __ ] great.
Well, guilty.  If you're looking to make
bobbin lace and you're looking for
an excuse, okay?  I mean, if you're
looking, well, that's it, he's
guilty.  Guilty until
proven innocent.  Presumption of
guilt.  Okay, but don't come to me
tomorrow with the seven judges, with how
Antonio Avino wasn't allowed to speak,
how they kicked him off TV, don't come to me
with that, do you understand?  I mean,
maybe tomorrow Gloria Camila
turns out to have an audio recording where Kiko
mistreats her.  Well, then I'll say that he's
an abuser.  Right now with the
data on the table, right?
Right now, with the data on the
table, everything indicates no.
Okay, what's more, this smells to me like it's
advice from Antonio
David.  My intuition.  Call me
suspicious.
My intuition.  But it doesn't seem to me like it was an
interview.  I felt like it was six
collaborators against one interviewee.   I
think they didn't know how to take advantage of the
opportunity they had to
listen to him, to ask him questions, to
empathize with him, to
debate.  I don't know, it was as if
every
Spaniard gave a peseta, but not to me, to where they should
give it.  I think if the boss has reported it, it means he
has proof.  Well, that's it.  Well, yes,
too.
Well, that's it.  Well, that's it.  Clear.  If
Gloria Camila reports it, it means she has
proof,
family.  Yes, Gloria Camila files a complaint
because she has evidence.  That's it,
honestly.  That's
it.  I can't.
You're making me mad.
You're really pissing me off, man.  And
the worst thing is that the one I like about
those two is Gloria
Camila.  The worst thing is that the one I like
is Gloria Camila.  But in this
I cannot tell you that the other person is an
abuser.
Please, how can I defend
the opposite tomorrow?
Otherwise,
man.  And that's it.  Well, since he has
reported it, he has proof.
Well, that's it.  Presumption of
guilt.
for you.  Let's each go for the
relevant applause that we want and that we
need from the audience on set and that's it
.  They are more focused on that
than on their interviewee.  So, I don't
really know what to tell you.  Without further ado, Kiko.
Well, as always, if they have admitted the
claim for processing it is not because there is
evidence.
Dance it out, Javi.  A dance.  Let's
dance.  Let's dance.
Up up,
you have to take my ticket
here.  I closed the window.  You've got me
bitter,
man.  I really don't.
I'm just, with this stubbornness,
man, I just can't do it, really,
okay?  But come on with all your
balls, man.
But come on, with all your balls you
're telling me that.  Come on, but not to
me, where they have to Now yes, to
dance like those of yesterday.  Host.
But with all your [ __ ],
man.  But really, you're just
doing it for fun, are
n't you?  Hosa, it seems like I'm the one
defending Kiko here, really, eh.
I think if I gave a peseta to every
Spaniard,
Camila and everything would block my glory.  Where they have to give.   When
I grow up I want to be Javi Oliveira.
Kiss, multi.  No, no, but it seems
that I'm here against the girl
too.  Well, I understand her and I feel
very sorry for her, but I don't think there's
gender violence here, really.
And I,
man, when Kiko started talking, uh,
all that noise in the studio, which
was very different from the peace and quiet
with other interviewees, was
like what woke me up from the sofa.  And
yes,
I was listening to those 20 minutes,
but it doesn't seem like an
interview to me.  I felt like it was six
collaborators against one interviewee.   I
think they didn't know how to take advantage of the
opportunity they had to
listen to him, to ask him questions, to
empathize with him, to
debate.  I don't know, it was like a go for you.
Let's each go for the relevant applause
that we want and that we need from
the audience on set and that's it.  They are
more focused on that than on their
interviewee.  So, I don't really know
what to tell you.  Without further ado, Kiko, as
always, you shouldn't wait to see what
the judge says, I say.  Eh, no, I ca
n't take it anymore, really.  I can't take it
anymore.  I'm going to skip this topic.  I'm not
listening to what Sofia is saying
.  Aini, could you please send me an audio
?  And you give us your opinion.
without fear, brave, explaining what he
could, because every time I
come, wait, we just came to
comment a while ago
that Antonio had filed a lawsuit against
Tele5.  Ofelia, a kiss, beautiful, how
are you?
I really can't handle
love.  We were just talking about
Antonio
David's lawsuit against Mediaset, okay?  And
immediately after we discussed
this, you're making me
accept a
presumption of guilt here.  But
do you know what the worst thing is?  The worst thing is that
if this guy were convicted, you're going to
come to me and say, "See, we were
right.
Hey, he finished something, they cut him off. So I
felt sorry for the show,
right? That in the end it was a waste.
Kiko Sofía tells you what he feels every
time he has to talk about
Gloria Camila again. The Kiko we saw yesterday,
is he a Kiko who suffers? Is he a Kiko who's
fed up, who doesn't care? What does he convey to you
?
Well, like any person
when they live through a story, good or
bad, in the moment they live it
intensely, but after the Kiko, an
angel, Javi, but it's not that he's
an angel, but Antonio
David is not an
angel either. If I were
Rocío Carrasco's boyfriend, husband or
Rocío Carrasco's boyfriend or partner, I would have
already said four things to Antonio
David, but that doesn't mean he's
an
abuser, okay? Well, what Kiko
Jiménez, too. If I were
Gloria Camila's partner, I
would have grabbed Kiko Jiménez, waited for him at
the Tel5 gate, taken him out, and
paraded him around Fencarrada by
the ear.  Okay, but we can't say
he's an
abuser.  It's just that we're using h
terms as they suit us, you know?
Which are
major terms.  Meow meow,
but what do you want me to order?  In the end.
Look, Javi understands that the
Lordship won't understand the humor
of the kids.  So yes, yes, you
start banging your chair like the
kids, says Margarita Jiménez,
Antonia David, much better than you,
Javi Oliveira.  Well, that's it, Margarita.
Of course they do, they
won't understand the
meme.  In the end.  Let's see, uh, question.  If you
defend something because you like x
person,
but you don't defend the same thing because the
person doesn't look good on you.  Look, to me
that Kiko seems like an aberration of a
person.
Look, it
's not a crime, although the guy is a
climber.
Sure, it's the same, man.  I know it
's the same.   I
mean, you guys are finding it a bit of
abuse that Kiko Jiménez has been
criticizing Gloria
Camila for the last four out of six years.  [ __ ] awesome.  Does this seem like
abuse to you?  But 20 years seems like
abuse to us.  I can't, really, I can't, I ca
n't.  Where is my Alner?  You have to be
a little bit consistent too, right?  I
mean, it's the same thing.  I mean, the people
who are saying, "Well, he
'll have proof."  Yes. Well,
Rocío Carrasco also claimed to have
evidence that later reached the court and
proved that, well, there was
nothing there.  So we're going to see that it's very
complicated.  Don't upset the old man, man.
Don't upset Grandpa, for God's sake, or his
chair will break.
Last night's gold, grandpa.  Ha ha ha.  You will open
today.  Kisses to the no.  From here I'm
going to the
nursing home.  From here I'm going to the nursing home.   No
no.  I'm leaving
early today.  Well, it's true that one begins
to forget, isn't it?  Above all, those
feelings that can bring you
hatred or sorrow at the time of
telling it.
When time passes, I think it
happens to all of us that, well, you have it as
a simple memory that tells it without
more.  Well, nothing,
we'll talk later.  I take this opportunity to
offer myself selflessly, since
the doors of that house speak volumes.  I'd
be happy to replace
the floor of that house, which has
n't been changed in 50 years, if you want.  That I was yesterday when
Ana María said this to me, what is this?  This
is just crazy, man.
But not to me, to where they have to give.
The presumption of innocence is defended, not
Kiko.
Exactly.  But apart from that, it's not.  I
mean, if you were telling me, "
Kiko seems like a [ __ ] [ __ ] and a [ __ ] climber to me
."  Well, I'll tell you,
okay, fine, but what I'm not going to
buy is that I'm already feeling
bad about this
person.  Look at this nonsense.  Since we
are here, let's calm down.  Look.
Alan, send us an audio, right?  Please,
put a little order here, okay?
How are you?  Very good.  That?  Good.  I shake your
hand.  Give it to me.   Do
you notice or not?  Man, things aren't as good
as I think I should trust you too much.  Let them
say it about you, huh?  That's why I'm telling you,
because if I shake your hand with the
other one you might stab me like you did.  Come on,
give it to me.   And you ca
n't trust me, Antonio, of
course.
We can trust you or not.   You're
showing a little bit of
bad manners, you rude gentleman there, huh?  What a
history, huh?  Ah, I was going to see this.
Do you want us to see it or what?  I was going to see
Marina, who you know is on
her own channel, okay?  She has become
independent from us, but hey, we
support her.  Alasne, put some
order.  Come on, before we start
this, okay?
And we'll see what happened with Marina and
Gustavo, what happened with Diego Arrabal, I
want to find out, man.  Seriously, are you going to
send audio to or past or past to the other
excerpt?  Seriously, these are things, man, that really
piss me off, huh?  But black, black,
black, huh?  I'm so pissed off at this
excerpt, man.  It's been a while since I got
angry, huh?
Kiko did not defend
Antonio David's presumption of innocence.  Come on, that's
it, Marilac.  Well then
we are the same as Kiko.  Hey, no, don't
delete messages.  You are deleting
messages, moderators, don't delete them
either.  It doesn't matter,
nothing happens.  Even if I'm pissed off, don't
delete them.
Ane is going to say something or I'm going to go to the other
tractor.  I have to make a
video of this on the main page.
Hey, I have to do this. Yes, it's
recording an audio.  I have to make
a video of this on the main page.
Hey, this needs to be covered in the
main article, but with a video with clips.   Pa pa
pa.  Joe isn't around, is he?  Hey, Joe
Hunter.  Jo Hunter isn't around today, is she
?  Javi, I appreciate the laughs today, they
're unbeatable.  Yes, well, it was funny to me
today.  Come on, you know how you
behaved with me today.  Rulí, Noa, don't
piss me off, eh?  Noa, what are you going to tell me
now?
But not to me, to where they have to give.  You
have not understood me.  I don't think he's an
abuser.  I want to think that he has not
made a false accusation.  Call me innocent.
I want to think what evidence he will have.  Let's
see.  The fact that Gloria Camila
thinks what's happening to her is
psychological abuse doesn't mean it
's a false accusation.  We have the
nasty habit of not knowing how to differentiate and
believing that all the lawsuits we
lose are false accusations, right?
Kiko Jiménez will probably say that when
she is released.  Will you help me, Joe, with
the
main video?  This is gold, huh?  I think you
have such great clicks.
Surely if you can give me a
hand, we can talk and make a good video
tomorrow.  Listen to me, I can
report a person because I'm
completely convinced that
a crime has been committed against me, okay?  And
I can go ahead and file a complaint, and
even lose it, but that doesn't
mean that the person who reported me
made a false complaint.  A
false accusation is me going around and making up
facts, falsifying evidence, presenting
things that are lies, you know what I mean?
But it doesn't have to be a
false accusation.
For example, I once reported a
guy who threatened my dog ​​with a squeezer
on the head, do you remember?  And I lost it,
because since it was one person's word
against the other's, well, they
acquitted him, obviously, rather
than condemn him.  That means I
filed a false complaint, right?  I filed a
complaint that can't be
proven, okay?  And since that's something that
1,000 complaints filed against you that you
lose can tell you, that doesn't mean it's
false.
Oh, the beautiful people.  Look, eh, I can
understand people's opinions, and I
see this, I see that, but just like what
happened in the other case and which we criticized so much
at the time, you can't
judge a person until there's
a conviction or a court ruling that
supports that.  I mean, you can't call
this person an abuser because we
like Gloria Camila better or because we
feel, uh, identified with some
situation she tells or because we
empathize.  Just as it
was wrong at the time for people who empathized
with Rocío Carrasco to call
Antonio David an abuser because there was no court
ruling to support it.  So,
moderation.  We can express our opinion without
disrespect and without accusing ourselves of crimes
that the courts have not yet
convicted.  For now, there is only one
complaint.  At the moment there is
a conviction, whether it is an acquittal or a
conviction, then an opinion will be issued
based on what that
sentence says.  For now,
all there is is a complaint.  You can't
point fingers or accuse
a person of crimes.  You can give an opinion,
but with restraint, as at the time. I
mean, at the time we criticized the
people who sympathized with Rocío
Carrasco for calling Antonio
Avis an abuser and for saying there was a sentence that
upheld it, because right now it's the
same thing.  No matter how much we like Gloria Camila
or can empathize with her, or how much we
hate Kiko and think he's
a climber and all that.
Just that.  Very good, Alne.